---
layout: post
title: "Valid XHTML/CSS Links"
category: WWW
published:
  epoch: 1034655283
  utc: 2002-10-15T04:14:43
---

<p>
Apparently the Valid <acronym title="eXtensible HyperText Markup Language">XHTML</acronym>/<acronym title="Cascading Style Sheets">CSS</acronym> buttons and links on this site are broken. I only noticed when checking out the site from behind a proxy. But here's the strange part. I works from behind the <a href="http://www.squid-cache.org/" title="Squid proxy home page">Squid proxy</a> I'm running here internally, but chokes when behind an MicroShaft Proxy 2.0 server elsewhere. Maybe it heard it's ears burning. :-)
</p>
<p>
Anyway, it looks like a problem with the AxKit stuff, and I've found a patch. I'm not sure I should be patching software at this hour though. :-P
</p>
<p>
For other seekers of the problem:
</p>
<p>
<textarea rows="15" cols="45">
-------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject: WebUtils taglib
From: xxx@xxxxxxxxx.xxx (Mark A. Hershberger)
Date: Fri, 04 Oct 2002 10:35:46 -0500

Is there a reason that the WebUtils taglib looks at the "VIA:"
header rather than $r->hostname first?  When the request is
coming from a proxy, it yields incorrect results.

This patch fixes the problem (this against 1.3_90 instead of 1.4):

-- WebUtils.pm 8 Jun 2001 15:50:39 -0000       1.1.1.1
+++ WebUtils.pm 4 Oct 2002 15:29:12 -0000
@@ -60,9 +65,7 @@
 }
 
 sub request_host () {
-    my $hostname = Apache->header_in('Via');
-    $hostname =~ s/^[0-9.]+ //g;
-    $hostname =~ s/ .*//g;
+    my $hostname = Apache->request->hostname;
     $hostname ||= $ENV{HTTP_HOST};
     $hostname ||= Apache->header_in('Host');
     return $hostname;

Mark.


-- 
Find inner peace and ten thousand around you shall be saved.
		     -- St. Seraphim of Sarov
-------------------------------------------------------------------
</textarea>
</p>

<p>
Looks like it works here because I'm zapping/anonmizing proxy headers via the following line in squid.conf:
</p>
<pre>
<code>
anonymize_headers deny Referer Via X-Forwarded-For
</code>
</pre>

<p>
Well, that would explain it!
</p>
<h4>Updated</h4>
<p>
All fixed - in theory. At least no crashy crash on pagey load.
Looks like the patch fixes the problem.
</p>


