---
layout: post
title: "It Is Time"
category: WTF
published:
  epoch: 1041208205
  utc: 2002-12-30T00:30:05
---

<p>
I just can't take it anymore, so here it is: End-Of-The-Year-Rant.
</p>

<ul>

<li>
<strong>President Bush</strong>
<p>
Walking I.D.10.T. error. 'Nuf said.
</p>
<p>
<em>
P.S. Thank you for pissing away my liberties so you can spy on everyone.
</em>
</p>
</li>

<li>
<strong>North Korea</strong>
<p>
I don't know why we give a damn. So they're kicking out the inspectors.
So they turned off the cameras. Would be put up with UN inspectors and cameras in the U.S.? Fuck No.
I say more power to them. Leave them the fuck alone a move on since they don't have any oil to steal.
</p>
</li>

<li>
<strong>Iraq</strong>
<p>
<em>See North Korea</em>
</p>
</li>

<li>
<strong>The [Alleged] Cloned Baby</strong>
<p>
Who cares. We've done worse things to other people in history. Let's not get our panties in a wad
about stem cell research, abortions, and cloneing. As somone on the radio pointed out: Eve was a clone of Adam. Think about it.
</p>
</li>

<li>
<strong>Total Information Awareness Project</strong>
<p>
First, how the fuck does a convicted felon end up running this department for the government?
I guess they <a href="http://wired.com/news/politics/0,1283,56860,00.html" title="Article about TIAP wanting privacy">don't like being spied</a> on themselves, so they took their info off of the site.
Don't mess with the geeks, or they will take up the <a href="http://www.freep.com/money/tech/mwend6_20021206.htm" title="Spam kings receiving massive amounts of snail mail spam">task of revenge. Just as these spammers</a>.
</p>
</li>

</ul>

<p>
That's all for now.
</p>




