---
layout: post
title: "SSL Out The Wazoo"
slug: ssl-out-the-wazoo
category: Security
created: 1034556309
---

<p>
	My brain hurts. No really. Being a true paranoid about all things security related, I decided to
	lock down the email server for the outside people who will be sending mail through it. Why? Well. In order to prevent
	being an <a href="http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/0,,sid9_gci782509,00.html" title="Definition fo an Open Relay">Open Relay</a>, we want to require passwords 
	from people who want to send out email from our email server. These people will also be logging in 
	using <a href="http://searchwebservices.techtarget.com/sDefinition/0,,sid26_gci212805,00.html" title="Definition of POP3">POP3</a>
 	or <a href="http://searchwebservices.techtarget.com/sDefinition/0,,sid26_gci214022,00.html" title="Definition of IMAP">IMAP</a> to fetch their email.
</p>
<p>
	So what's the problem? Well, everytime you log in to a POP3 or IMAP server to fetch your email, or log in to an SMTP server to 
	send mail (assuming that SMTP server requires a password to send mail), 
	you are sending your password in <strong>plain text</strong>, <strong>unencrypted</strong> for the whole world to see!  Not good.
</p>
<p>
	What's the solution? Why 
	<a href="http://searchsecurity.techtarget.com/sDefinition/0,,sid14_gci343029,00.html" title="Definition of SSL/TLS">SSL/TLS</a> of course!
	And the nice part is, you don't have to fork cash over to Verisign just to get SSL certificates. 
	Become <a href="http://www.modssl.org/docs/2.8/ssl_faq.html#ToC29" title="How-To become your own ceritifcate authority">your own</a> <acronym title="Certificate Authority">CA</acronym>!
</p>
<p>
	Now, with the help of some HOW-TO docs on the net and a handy firewall or two, all external persons we wish to allow to send outgoing email 
	must use IMAP over SSL (IMAPS), POP3 over SSL (SPOP3), or TLS over SMTP in addition to their usual user names and passwords. Way cool, but not exactly easy.
</p>
<p>
	Here's a list of links that got me through it without killing someone or throwing a server out of the window:
</p>

	<ul>
		<li><a href="http://www.modssl.org/docs/2.8/ssl_howto.html">Mod_SSL Docs: Chapter 5</a></li>
		<li><a href="http://www.modssl.org/docs/2.8/ssl_faq.html">Mod_SSL Docs: Chapter 6</a></li>
		<li><a href="http://www.aet.tu-cottbus.de/personen/jaenicke/postfix_tls/doc/">Postfix/TLS Docs by Lutz Janicke</a></li>
		<li><a href="http://www.delouw.ch/linux/Postfix-Cyrus-Web-cyradm-HOWTO-test/html/cyrus-config.html">Configuring Cyrus IMAP</a></li>
	</ul>



