---
layout: post
title: "Relative Font Sizes"
slug: relative-font-sizes
category: WWW
created: 1034550261
---

<p>
Well, I finally took the plunge and tweaked the stylesheet  to use relative font sizes with the help of 
<a href="http://diveintoaccessibility.org/day_26_using_relative_font_sizes.html" title="Article on using relative font sizes">this article</a> over at 
<a href="http://diveintoaccessibility.org/" title="Visit diveintoaccessibility.org">Dive Into Accessability</a>.
</p>
<p>
What I don't like so far:
</p>

<ul>
<li>The font size for most of the content uses small, which compared to the pixel sizes is somewhere between to small and to big.</li>
<li>The stylesheet used to pass the W3C validator with no errors and no warnings. here still are no errors, but a whole lot of warnings creeped in.</li>
<li>The layout gets crazy in Mozilla when I resize now. It never used to do that with pixel fonts sizes. Although, Mozilla would resize all fonts regarless of relative or fixed while IE wouldn't play nice.

</li>
</ul>

<p>
It all comes back to eating your own dog food again I guess. Something to change my mind about later go do with cookies/javascript selected stylesheets 
with the pixel sizes changed instead of being relative.
</p>
<p>
What do you think?
</p>
<h4>Update</h4>
<p>
Damn. The CSS validator does fine if I upload and specify the options, but it does't work in general from the Valid CSS links on this page. Time to ditch relative and go back to fixed. :-(
</p>


