---
layout: post
title: "Things I'll Never Own"
slug: things-ill-never-own
category: OffTopic
published:
  epoch: 1034455791
  utc: 2002-10-12T20:49:51
---

<p>
The older I get, the more things I put on my mental list of things I never will, or should own. Why?  Well, just because. I'm a a computer programmer and a sysadmin. Before that I was a musician, and before that a teenager.  I know computers. I'm not a genius or an expert, but I'd like to think I know a little more than most about my areas of practice. When you talk geek to me about computers, I follow it quite well. If you try to talk to me about rebuilding and engine, I'm clueless. Kind of ironic considering <a href="http://www.summitracing.com/" title="Visit summitracing.com">where I work</a>.  :-)
</p>
<p>
They say part of being successful is to know your limits, admit them, and ask for help when necessary. I can't fix things (well), so I know when not to try. Always hire a professional. So with that in mind, here are the things I will never own, if for no other reason that for my safety:
</p>

<ul>
<li><strong>Guns</strong><p>I would shoot myself in the foot somehow. I like my toes to much.</p></li>
<li><strong>Chainsaw</strong><p>See Above. I like my legs to much.</p></li>
<li><strong>Circular Saw/Table Saw</strong><p>See above. I like my fingers to much.</p></li>
<li><strong>Wood Chipper</strong><p>Yup. See above.</p></li>
<li><strong>Pnuematic Nailer</strong><p>Once you've see an xray on TV of a skull with a nail it. Nuff said.</p></li>
</ul>

<p>
The funny part about most of those *saw things: I did 4 years of shop class in high school without incident. Go figure.
</p>


