---
layout: post
title: "Best Buy Closure"
slug: best-buy-closure
category: Hardware
published:
  epoch: 1045409767
  utc: 2003-02-16T15:36:07
---

<p>
Well, Best Buy called Yesterday day and guess what? <em>They're replacing the unit.</em> Finally. I guess the repair center finally gave up on repairing it which make me even more curious as to what was wrong with it after the first two repairs.
</p>
<p>
So, off we went to Best Buy last night. I was really tempted to tell them we wanted a refund and that we refused to do business with them. But I took the easy route and we got a new laptop. Actually, they gave us in-store credit for the purchase price of the original snd they also gave us pro-rated credit for the remainder of the service agreement.
</p>
<p>
Our local Best Buy has the following laptop brands: Sony, HP, Compaq, Matrix, and Toshiba. Well of course given those options we went with a new Toshiba Satellite 2435-S255 with the following specs:
</p>

<ul>
<li>Intel Pentium 4 Processor (2.40GHz)</li>
<li>40GB HDD (4200rpm)</li>
<li>15" XGA Display (1024 x 768)</li>
<li>512MB PC2100 DDR SDRAM (256MB x 2)</li>
<li>Microsoft Windows XP Home Edition</li>
<li>DVD/CD-RW</li>
<li>3-USB (2.0) ports</li>
<li>iLINK (IEEE 1394) port</li>
<li>Infrared port</li>
<li>SD media slot</li>
<li>TV-Out port</li>
<li>10/100 Ethernet</li>
<li>V.92/56K modem</li>
</ul>

<p>
All in all, it looks like a great machine and it cost the same as what we paid for the old HP lappy, which was an 800Mhz, 128Mb Ram, 20Gb hard drive turd.
We did buy the 3 year extended service plan again. Hey, it worked if I have a new laptop didn't it? And of course, it still shouldn't have had to get that far.
</p>


