---
layout: post
title: "MCI Billing On Crack"
slug: mci-billing-on-crack
category: WTF
created: 1063331290
---

<p>
Well, leave it to MCI to be completely clueless about all things billing. Just a quick synopsis for those just tuning in.
</p>
<ul>
<li>~2001 - Enroll in 24/7 Unlimitied usage ISDN package</li>
<li>April 2002 - WorldSham/MCI starts billling us for hourly usage</li>
<li>Call in get it corrected</li>
<li>May 2002 - more hourly usage charges on an unlimited account</li>
<li>Call in get it fixed</li>
<li>This pattern continues until we cancel account in November 2002</li>
<li>Spend December 2002 until July 2003 still trying to get account credited for misbilled hours</li>
</ul>
<p>
The finally in July we received the following email and also a snail mail invoice to the same effect:
</p>

<blockquote>
<p>
Account xxxxxxxxxx has already been credited in the amount of $2,976.39.
Account xxxxxxxxxx ISDN connect hours billed incorrectly from
05/02/02-06/02/02.
Service was to receive unlimited usage, this adjustment will be reflected on
the
07/01/03 invoice.
</p>
<p>
Thank you, for your patience.
</p>
<p>
Kim Burgett<br />
MCI Billing Analyst<br />
Tel:  (703) 886-5857<br />
VNET Number: 806-5857<br />
Fax: (703) 886-0525<br />
Toll Free: 1 (877) 709-8901<br />
Email: kim.burgett@mci.com<br />
or, ashburn-billsupport@wcom.com
</p>
</blockquote>

<p>
Great! Dead. Done. Problem over. Account closed. Closure. Balance credited.
</p>
<p>
So guess what we got in the mail today? <strong>A fucking letter from Harvard Collections Services for $2993.17 on behald of MCI.</strong>. No wonder these people are getting sued twelve ways from Sunday. Unfucking believable.
</p>


