---
layout: post
title: "Opera 7 External Stylesheet Bug"
slug: opera-7-external-stylesheet-bug
category: WWW
created: 1043798365
---

<p>
More on that Opera 7 bug, at least I think it's a bug.
It appears the Opera 7 may renger the page sooner than it should with respect to <code>&lt;link rel="Stylsheet" ... &gt;</code> and <code>&lt;link rel="Alternate Stylsheet" ... &gt;</code> usage. In my case, I had the alternate stylesheets declared <strong>before</strong> my regular stylesheets:
</p>

<pre>
<code>
&lt;link
     rel="Alternate Stylesheet"
     href="/style/css/screen-default-right.css"
     type="text/css"
     media="screen" 
/&gt;
&lt;link
     rel="Stylesheet"
     href="/style/css/screen-default-left.css"
     type="text/css"
     media="screen"
/&gt;
</code>
</pre>

<p>
They were in this order due to the way that this site is built. This of course meant the Opera 7 would not render the style at all. The twist to this setup was that if I specified full paths instead of relative ones:
</p>

<pre>
<code>
&lt;link
     rel="Alternate Stylesheet"
     href="/style/css/screen-default-right.css"
     type="text/css"
     media="screen" 
/&gt;
&lt;link
     rel="Stylesheet"
     href="/style/css/screen-default-left.css"
     type="text/css"
     media="screen"
/&gt;
</code>
</pre>


<p>
 they would get rendered. After some tinkering, I discovered that swapping their order cured the problem in Opera 7:
</p>

<pre>
<code>
&lt;link
     rel="Stylesheet"
     href="/style/css/screen-default-left.css"
     type="text/css"
     media="screen"
/&gt;
&lt;link
     rel="Alternate Stylesheet"
     href="/style/css/screen-default-right.css"
     type="text/css"
     media="screen" 
/&gt;
</code>
</pre>

<p>
Go figure. Is this a real bug, or is there some unwritten rule about link tag ordering that I don't know about?
</p>
<p>
I see that Dive Into Mark talks <a href="http://diveintomark.org/archives/2003/01/28/how_to_hide_css_from_opera_7.html">about hiding CSS from Opera 7</a>. Yeah it's even easier than that. Put your alternate stylesheet tags first. ;-)
</p>


