---
layout: post
title: "Toggle CSS In Mozilla"
slug: toggle-css-in-mozilla
category: OffTopic
created: 1044633844
---

<ins>
<h4>Updated!</h4>
<p>
I've tweaked the code below to also toggle the <code>&lt;style&gt;</code> tags .
</p>
<p>
<strong>Warning: the XSLT processor I use to serve this site currently mistakenly escapes the pipe and double-pipe (logical or) operator in the javascript code. Make sure to change these back before you try using the code below. Hopefully I can get the XSLT stuff upgraded this weekend.</strong>
</p>
</ins>
<p>
So I went to a <a href="http://www.meyerweb.com/eric/thoughts/2003a.html#t20030203">CSS presentation</a> given by <a href="http://www.meyerweb.com/">Eric Meyer</a>
last night ad Tri-C West. Great presentation Eric! One thing he did a lot was switch between styled and unstyled pages, but he did this
in IE because IE has a preference for enabling/disabling stylesheets. Mozilla/Netscape doesn't appear to have one. :-(
</p>
<p>
So, after some tinkering, with the help of the <a href="http://www.xulplanet.com/downloads/prefbar/">Preferences Toolbar</a>, you can now have a "Toggle CSS" button.
</p>

<ol>
<li>Once you've <a href="http://www.xulplanet.com/downloads/prefbar/">installed the PrefBar</a>, click the "Customize" button on the right side of the PrefBar.</li>
<li>Click the "New Item" button.</li>
<li>In the New Item dialog box, under the Item Type dropdown menu, select "Button"</li>
<li>In the Id text box, type "toggleCSS"</li>
<li>In the Label text box, type "Toggle CSS"</li>
<li>In the onclick text box, enter the following javascript:
<textarea rows="5" cols="40">
var links = window.content.document.getElementsByTagName("link");var styles = window.content.document.getElementsByTagName("style");var regex_rel = /^stylesheet/i;var regex_media	= /^(all|screen)/i;for (var l=0;l&lt;links.length;l++) {var link = links[l];if (regex_rel.test(link.rel) &amp;&amp; (regex_media.test(link.media) || !link.media)) {link.disabled=!link.disabled;};};for (var s=0;s&lt;styles.length;s++) {var style = styles[s];style.disabled=!style.disabled;};
</textarea>

</li>
<li>Hit "OK" to close all remaind dialog boxes.</li>
</ol>

<p>
Whala! You should now be able to toggle on/off the stylesheets in the link tags of each site.
</p>

<p>
A couple items to note. The code will only toggle link tags with rel="Stylsheet" and media="screen", media="all", or no media specified.
I use Mozilla, so I've not tried the PrefBar in Netscape, but it should work. (Famous Last Words).
</p>

<p>
Here is the tabulated code for the curious:
</p>
<p>
<textarea rows="15" cols="60">
var links = window.content.document.getElementsByTagName("link");
var styles = window.content.document.getElementsByTagName("style");
var regex_rel = /^stylesheet/i;
var regex_media	= /^(all|screen)/i;

for (var l=0;l&lt;links.length;l++) {
	var link = links[l];
	if (regex_rel.test(link.rel) &amp;&amp; (regex_media.test(link.media) || !link.media)) {
		alert(link.media);
		link.disabled=!link.disabled;
	};
};

for (var s=0;s&lt;styles.length;s++) {
	var style = styles[s];
	style.disabled=!style.disabled;
};</textarea>
</p>



