---
layout: post
title: "Welcome to 1984"
slug: welcome-to-1984
category: WTF
created: 1049565449
---

<p>
If I was <a href="http://www.wired.com/news/conflict/0,2100,58326,00.html">this guy</a>, <strong>an American citizen</strong>, I would be the most belligerent, loud, unruly son of a bitch these people have ever seen.
</p>
<blockquote>
<p>
Hawash, a U.S. citizen, was arrested last month by the FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force. For nearly two weeks, he has been held as a so-called "material witness" in solitary confinement in a federal lockup in Sheridan, Oregon. The designation allows authorities to hold him indefinitely without charging him with a crime.
</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
We need to put a stop to this shit. If he <strong>wasn't</strong> a US citizen, I wouldn't really mind. But he <strong>is a US citizen</strong>, which means people like Dubya and Asscraft can do this very thing <strong>to you or me for no reason at all</strong> because they don't have to answer to anyone about it.
</p>
<p>
What makes this even more stupid is that you could very well make a donation to (for the sake of argument) the Red Cross. So what if we find out next year that they were run by a terrorist, or a terrorist organization. Now <strong>you</strong> are a suspect because you (in the past) made a donation to a 'terrorist organization' (which was once just a normal charity in the minds of the government)?
</p>
<p>
I have just two words to say about that: <strong>Fuck You</strong>. I've nevervoted in the past, because I've never liked any of the candidates. But I will now start. We need to get these people out of office ASAP.
</p>


