---
layout: post
title: "MT Search vs. XHTML Snafu"
slug: mt-search-vs-xhtml-snafu
category: Perl
created: 1042773308
---

<p>
For those of you using the search functionality in MT 2.51 and are trying to make your pages XHTML 1.0/1.1 compliant, consider this a heads up.
<code>MT::App::Search.pm</code> kindly sets the check boxes and select boxes for us before it returns the results. Unfortunately, it sets them using HTML. :-(
That means the search output checkboxes will have the <code>checked</code> attribute set and the select lists will have <code>selected</code> set. These of course are not XHTML compliant and this is in the core modules and <strong>cannot</strong> be fixed in the search templates them selves.
</p>
<p>
Here is a patch to remove that functionality from <code>MT::App:Search.pm</code>. I have opted to emove the function entirely as this should really funciton like the comments form does, where this stuff is set via javascript. If you would like a patch the change <code>checked</code> to <code>checked="checked"</code> and <code>selected</code> to <code>selected="selected"</code> let me know and I'll put on up.
</p>

<p>
<textarea rows="15" cols="45">
--- Search.pm.orig        Thu Jan 16 21:56:19 2003
+++ Search.pm        Thu Jan 16 21:58:20 2003
@@ -276,6 +276,11 @@
 
 sub _set_form_elements {
     my($app, $tmpl) = @_;
+
+    ## Skip this stuff. It created potentiall 
+    ## non-compliant html. Usejavascript instead.
+
+    return $tmpl;
+
     ## Fill in user-defined template with proper form settings.
     if ($app->{searchparam}{Type} eq 'newcomments') {
         if ($app->{searchparam}{CommentSearchCutoff}) {
</textarea>
</p>



