---
layout: post
title: "New House: Part Deux"
slug: new-house-part-deux
category: OffTopic
created: 1064539285
---

<p>
Well, we went and looked at <a href="/blog/archives/entries/000354/">this house</a> tonight. This is the one IMHO. I wish I could show you pictures, but we broke the camera (thanks St. Murphy!) and ended up with about 10 pictures of pure black nothing. Go figure.
</p>

<h4>General House Info</h4>
<p>
First, the entire first floor is hardwood floors. Wood trim everywhere, and every door in the house is <strong>solid</strong> oak. The house is 6 years old, but you would swear up and down that no human has ever lived there. Not a scratch or dent anywhere: and impresive feat considering tghe amount of wood inthe house.
</p>
<p>
Oh yeah, and the first floor ceilings are 9' tall! Woohoo!
</p>

<h4>Great Room/Family Room (13 x 23)</h4>
<p>
Along with the hardwood floor and wood trim, there is also huge crown molding in this room. There is a fireplace in the middle. My onle complaint is that lack of any built in lighting. Easily fixable, but there's plenty of room for lamps everywhere.
</p>

<h4>Dinette (10 x 11)</h4>
<p>
Off of the Great Room and in front of the foyer is the Dinette. It's big enough to be the dning room all by itself. Behind it is a double door out onto the deck. And have I mentioned it has hardwood floors?
</p>

<h4>Kitchen (11 x 10)</h4>
<p>
The kitchen is as big as the Dinette. All hardwood cabinets. Large stainless sink. Disposal. <strong>Dishwasher!!!!</strong> Stove. Fridge. Oh yeah, and hardwood floors!
</p>

<h4>Dining Room (13 x 11)</h4>
<p>
The dining room is on the opposite side of the house form the Great Room. It's huge by itself. I had not idea what we'd do with it, but we'll manage! Oh yeah, and hardwood floors! :-)
</p>

<h4>Bedroom #1 (17 x 10)</h4>
<p>
This one is bigger than the master bedroom on its own. The real gem though is the L shaped <strong>walk-in</strong> closet between it and the Master Bedroom. It's huge! It could holz one million [in Dr. Evil pinky to mouth grin] pairs of shoes!
</p>

<h4>Bedroom #2 (12 x 11)</h4>
<p>
While not that big (still huge compared to what we have now) this bedroom has a huge closet. This house is all about the closet space it seems. That's good. We have a lot of crap.
</p>

<h4>Master Bedroom (11 x 15)</h4>
<p>
While this room is a little narrow, it has two wonderful things: the walk-in closet, and the private master bath! Awesome!
</p>

<h4>Master Bath</h4>
<p>
The master bath has the usual toilet, sink, huge sink cabinet, and a 4' shower. No tub. This sounds bad at first, but a) the 2nd bathroom in the hallway has a tub, and b) the master bathroom has a <strong>huge</strong> closet that is the SAME SIZE as the master bath itself. If you wanted to tear out a wall and make it a huge bath, you could.
</p>

<h4>Upstairs Bath</h4>
<p>
Nothing too special. Toilet. SInk. Huge sink cabinet. Tub. Shower.
</p>

<h4>Basement</h4>
<p>
The basement is wide open. The used a steal I-beam to support the upper floors.
Painted. Sealed. Double sump pumps (Yes, I will install batter backup pumps!). You could finish 2/3 of it into a rec room in no time flat.
The basement has a back door directly to the back yard.  That will make getting things into the basement lot easier.
</p>

<h4>Garage</h4>
<p>
It's a 2.5 car garage. Finished walls. Cold water pipage. Door w/ opener. :-)
There is also a back door to the back yard.
</p>

<h4>The Grounds (110x360)</h4>
<p>
The fornt yard is nothing special. Some landscaping, but it's got plenty of room for tender loving care. A gravel driveway hopefully to become concrete someday. The back yard has a firepit.A little soggy in the middle. Could use a couple loads of topsoil to raise the grade towards the woods. As we have woods! I went back aways, but didn't find the fence.
</p>



