---
layout: post
title: ".NET vs. W3C Standards"
category: WWW
published:
  epoch: 1056212161
  utc: 2003-06-21T16:16:01
---

<p>
It's nice to see I'm not the only one that gets irked by .NET server controls and W3C standards. 
<a href="http://www.splorp.com/blog/archive/2003_06_01_archive.html#105604957243094752">This Slurp post</a> about sums it up. 
I <a href="http://today.icantfocus.com/blog/archives/entries/000204/">mentioned this problem before</a> as have many others in the <a href="http://www.asp.net/Forums/ShowPost.aspx?tabindex=1&amp;PostID=34126">ASP.NET forums</a>. 
Even Mr. Zeldman has <a href="http://www.asp.net/Forums/ShowPost.aspx?tabindex=1&amp;PostID=34126">picked up the thread</a>.
<ins>The <a href="http://www.yayhooray.com/thread/25122.html">YaHooray thread</a> on the issue as well from Zeldman.</ins>
</p>
<blockquote>
<p>
The frustrating part of this whole exercise is that .NET does generate some of the controls as seemingly compliant XML-ish code. But it's certainly not consistent and there is no obvious way of controlling any aspect of the tag or attribute formatting. This isn't exactly what I was hoping to hear, but I'm not giving up quite yet. If there's a way around these limitations and constraints, I'll find it.
</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
I wrote Grant and email, and he <a href="http://www.splorp.com/blog/archive/2003_06_01_archive.html#105616763534105021">posted it</a> to his site. Someone <em>does</em> read my emails! :-)
</p>
<p>
For all the work that went into .NET, and ASP.NET, it's a shame that they took the shitty way out on this one.
Hell, considering the point of ASP.NET was to seperate code from presentation, why in the hell do they have code serve up HTML?
</p>


