---
layout: post
title: "New MT 2.51 Patches"
category: Perl
published:
  epoch: 1041488567
  utc: 2003-01-02T06:22:47
---

<p>
	Well, I may have not finished the list for today, but I made a big dent and fixed another problem as well.
	I've put together to following sets of <acronym title="Movable Type">MT</acronym> 2.51 patches that may never be of use to anyone but me.
</p>
<p>
<strong>MTEntryTrackbackID</strong> could easily be a plugin instead of patches, but I'm hoping that they might 
make it into the core MT program. If not, then a plugin it will become.
</p>
<h4>MTPingInterface</h4>
<p>
	<a href="http://today.icantfocus.com/downloads/MTPingInterface/2.51/" title="Download MTPingInterface patches">Download Files</a><br />
	As mentioned earlier, this set of patches allows me to specify what local ip or ip:port the server should
	bind to before sending out recently-updated or trackback pings.
</p>

<h4>MTEntryTrackbackID</h4>
<p>
	<a href="http://today.icantfocus.com/downloads/MTEntryTrackbackID/2.51/" title="Download MTEntryTrackbackID patches">Download Files</a><br />
	When circumstances decided that I needed to manually build my trackback urls, I quickly found out that
	the was no <code>&lt;$MTEntryTrackbackID$&gt;</code> tag to be found. There is now. :-)
</p>

<h4>Update</h4>
<p>
	Looks like the <code>&lt;$MTEntryTrackbackID$&gt;</code> code will make it's way into MT at some point 
	in the future. Although I realized today that I forgot to do the documentation patch for the new tag. 
	Doh! Should have that done shortly.
</p>
<p>
	Ben brought up a good point about the <strong>MTPingInterface</strong>: globalize it and put it in in 
	<code>mt.cfg</code>. Duh. Don't know why I missed that one. I'm also entertaining the idea of of adding 
	a setting in there to send pings through the proxy server as well.
</p>
<p>
	Ben also pointed out that there is an <code>AdminCGIPath</code> setting in <code>mt.cfg</code> that 
	appears to solve my problem. I missed it in the the CONFIGURAITON SETTINGS prtion of the docs. <acronym title="Read The Fucking Manual">RTFM</acronym>.
</p>



