---
layout: post
title: "About The Author"
category: Static
published:
  epoch: 1059971516
  utc: 2003-08-04T04:31:56
---

<h2>Who's on first?</h2>

What's on second. Third base. I don't give a darn.

<h3><a id="who">Who?</a></h3>

Just the fax ma'm:

<ul>
	<li>my bills come addressed to Christopher H. Laco</li>
	<li>30ish years of age and counting</li>
	<li>there's no place more exciting than Akron, Ohio</li>
	<li>at work, they claim I am the Jack of all trades, Webmaster of none</li>
</ul>

<h3><a id="what">What?</a></h3>

This sites construction is a huge departure from where I was a year ago. Not to mention that it probably is way more complicated than it has to be for 90% of it's content, but that is on purpose. :-)

Stop back later. I plan up creating a section under <a href="/projects/">Projects</a> that goes into great detail of how I built this site.

<h3><a id="when">When?</a></h3>

While you are reading this, I am furiously not working on this site. That's what the trained shaved monkeys are for.

<h3><a id="where">Where?</a></h3>

Good ole' Tallmadge, Ohio.  Yes, that's right. The excitement capital of northeast Ohio. NOT.

<h3><a id="why">Why?</a></h3>

This site is my attempt to get back into the website creation groove.

It's been far too long since I've had a personal website, and I need to scratch that itch. Plus, I have way to many opinions about various topics to keep under wraps any more. I've spent the last year or so maintaining existing websites @work and @home, and now it's time to get back on the wagon.

The other reasons I built this website:

<ol>
	<li>Because I can damnit, because I can!</li>
	<li>Force myself to get my new <a title="Toyz!!!!" href="/about/servers/">servers</a> operational.</li>
	<li>Get converted away from Windblows web development</li>
	<li>Learn more <a href="http://www.freebsd.org/">FreeBSD</a> stuffs</li>
	<li>The monkeys made me do it!@#$%</li>
	<li>Learn more <a href="http://www.perlmonks.com/">Perl</a> stuffs</li>
	<li>To much free time on my hands</li>
	<li>Learn more <a href="http://www.axkit.org/">AxKit</a> stuffs</li>
	<li>Taunt others from afar</li>
	<li>Learn more <a href="http://httpd.apache.org/">Apache</a>stuffs</li>
	<li>And get converted away from Windblows webdevelopment!</li>
</ol>



