---
layout: post
title: "Weekend Movies"
slug: weekend-movies
category: Movies
created: 1060443558
---

<p>
While I'm surfing and workin on the laptop, it's a given that I have the TV on as background noise. At least once a week without fail, I end up wondering across the same old movies over and over. There are a few however that I almost always watch.
</p>

<h4><a href="http://us.imdb.com/Title?0096734">The Burbs</a></h4>
<blockquote>
<p>
tressed out suburbanite Ray Peterson takes a week off work to just do nothing at home. However when a new family move into the street he notices strange things about them. With the input of his friend Art and his military minded neighbour Mark, he comes to the conclusion that they are part of a cannibalistic cult. They set out to get the proof.

</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
Can got wrong with a Coryey Feldman movie right? Actually, I think the entire cast of neighbors was a good pick. We've got an average joe. A consiracy theorist. An ex war vet. And some stoners. Can't go wrong there.
</p>


<h4><a href="http://us.imdb.com/Title?0093828">Real Men</a></h4>
<blockquote>
<p>
Jim Belushi plays a super-competent secret agent on the trail of Russian thugs. John Ritter plays a milquetoast dad who gets mixed up in the caper. The story follows their adventures over the course of a week, in which Ritter develops some guts and Belushi gets in touch with his sensitive side.
</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
One of my favorite parts of this movie is the woman Jim picks up in a bar. Prim. Proper. Hair tied up. Old style long dress. Glasses. The minute he gets her home, she's in a dominatrix outfit and has Jim tied up for punishment. :-)
</p>

<h4><a href="http://us.imdb.com/Title?0096794">Always</a></h4>
<blockquote>
<p>
Pete is a pilot who drops water on forest fires at very low heights. His intended Dorinda is also a pilot who doubles as a radio controller for the pilots who do this work. Pete always takes chances, confident that his skill will bring him through. One day it doesn't and he is killed. He finds himself returning as an invisible ghost who's presence is barely felt giving advice to his successor. Pete then finds that his successor is also falling in love with Dorinda.
</p>
</blockquote>
<p>
Richard Dreyfuss and Jon Goodman may a funny duo in this flick with just the right mix of seriousness and slapstick.
</p>


