---
layout: post
title: "Things That Make Me Giggle"
slug: things-that-make-me-giggle
category: Humor
published:
  epoch: 1064268037
  utc: 2003-09-22T22:00:37
---

<p>
No matter how many times I here it, I still get a chuckle for even commercial or comic skit that uses <a href="http://www.80stvthemes.com/ra/MONDAYNITE.ra">this (RealAudio)</a> and other NFL themes as a background theme, while some voice over talks about something stupid like getting somewhere or getting something to work like it's a life and death struggle. The latest DirectTV commercial comes to mind about "Bob"  getting a big screen, then a curve ball thrown at him by "regional programming schedules".
</p>
<p>
I wish I could find the rest of the themes they typically use in these commercials so I could make my own. :-)  Having worked at an advertising agency in the past where they also did commercials, I can respect the creativity into stupid things like this, and the strange yet funny people behind them.
</p>
<p>
I also think those <a href="http://dirk.wikernet.com/bud/">Budweiser  "Real American Hero" or "Real Men Of Genius"</a> beer commercials are funny. "Mr Company Computer Guy".
</p>
<blockquote>
<p>
You are the ruler of the Ram, the guru of the Gigabyte, the monster of the memory.
</p>
<p>
When we screw up the boot up, you are there.
</p>
<p>
Without you, computers would Mega-Bite.
</p>
<p>
The countless hours we spend surfin the internet and accidentally stumble upon porn sites, would instead be spent... working.<br />
</p>
<p>
So crack open a cold Bud lite Mr. Company Computer Guy.<br />
For it's you who keps our logons logging and our hard drives hard.
</p>
</blockquote>



