---
layout: post
title: "Changing The Default XML Document CSS Style In Firefox"
slug: changing-the-default-xml-document-css-style-in-firefox
category: WWW
published:
  epoch: 1089741848
  utc: 2004-07-13T18:04:08
---

Any one out there know how to change the default CSS style used fordisplaying XML documents?

Currently, when I load an XML file in Firefox, it uses the "Basuc Theme". I personally like the "Monospace" theme better and I'm tired of switching to it every time I load an XML file.

I'm sure the userContent.css file in my profile directly has something to do with it. If I just wanted to override all <code>&lt;p&gt;</code> tags on the web, it would be easy. However, I have no clue on how to target all XML content using that mechanism.

Anyone?

Update-ola! I've figure this out somewhat.

Open up <kbd>Mozilla Firefox\chrome\comm.jar</kbd> in WinZip or some such program and edit the <samp>XMLPrettyPrint.css</samp> file until your hearts content.

I simply added the monospace CSS from <samp>XMLMonoPrint.css</samp> file in the same location.

For giggles, I also tried changing the following in <samp>XMLPrettyPrint.xsl</samp> from:

<pre>&lt;link href="chrome://communicator/content/xml/XMLPrettyPrint.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/&gt;
&lt;link title="Monospace" href="chrome://communicator/content/xml/XMLMonoPrint.css" type="text/css" rel="alternate stylesheet"/&gt;</pre>

to something like

<pre>&lt;link href="chrome://communicator/content/xml/XMLMonoPrint.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet"/&gt;
&lt;link title="Stock Style" href="chrome://communicator/content/xml/XMLPrettyPrint.css" type="text/css" rel="alternate stylesheet"/&gt;</pre>

It didn't quite work right. While it did change the font to monospace, the colors were no longer there. I'm sure it's just an import/namespace order issue I missed.

Happy hacking.


