---
layout: post
title: "Innocent People Get The Raw Deal"
category: WTF
published:
  epoch: 1087740899
  utc: 2004-06-20T14:14:59
---

Anyone who knows me for more than two minutes knows that the tactics, technology and laws the MPAA/RIAA try shoving down our throats really piss me off. So do those bullshit CD copy protection schemes. All this shit for the "war on piracy" really means I can't make a backup of my $50 game in case the CD get's scratched, or rip my favorite CD and put it on an MP3 player.

The innocents rights get fucked by a greedy outdated industry trying to stop "piracy" while the true pirates, the ones that make 500,000 copies at a time and <em>sell them</em>, go untouched by these technology locks and barriers.

So it's no surprise that I find <a href="http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&amp;cid=519&amp;e=17&amp;u=/ap/police_shooting_piracy">this news story</a> quite symbolic of the problem these two groups are causing.

<blockquote>

NEW YORK - The entertainment industry tagged along when police raided a self-storage warehouse in Manhattan last year.

Private investigators hired by movie and recording industry groups had helped link a space in the warehouse to an alleged criminal operation pirating DVDs and compact discs. They were there when the officers moved in.

The teamwork might have gone unnoticed, if not for the raid's deadly outcome.

Undercover Officer Bryan Conroy was charged last week with manslaughter in the fatal shooting of Ousmane Zongo, an unarmed African immigrant working inside the warehouse who was not involved in the alleged pirating scheme.

</blockquote>

Shoot first and ask questions later. It only would've been more accurate if that had used a shotgun. IF you listen to music, you're guilty.


