---
layout: post
title: "Bullshit. You're Fired."
slug: bullshit-youre-fired
category: WTF
published:
  epoch: 1100055737
  utc: 2004-11-10T03:02:17
---

<a href="http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&amp;cid=710&amp;e=1&amp;u=/usatoday/druggistsrefusetogiveoutpill">Another entry</a> into the bullshit train. I understand the argument, but I still call bullshit. Do your fucking job and fill the Dr. ordered perscription. There are plenty of reasons women take these bills OTHER than just to prevent pregnancy; aka hormone regulation.

<blockquote>

For a year, Julee Lacey stopped in a CVS pharmacy near her home in a Fort Worth suburb to get refills of her birth-control pills. Then one day last March, the pharmacist refused to fill Lacey's prescription because she did not believe in birth control... Some pharmacists, however, disagree and refuse on moral grounds to fill prescriptions for contraceptives. And states from Rhode Island to Washington have proposed laws that would protect such decisions.

Mississippi enacted a sweeping statute that went into effect in July that allows health care providers, including pharmacists, to not participate in procedures that go against their conscience. South Dakota and Arkansas already had laws that protect a pharmacist's right to refuse to dispense medicines. Ten other states considered similar bills this year.

</blockquote>

Do what the customer is paying you to do, or you're fired. Leave you're bible at the door for this one. You're paid to dispense pr<strong>e</strong>scribed drugs, not pr<strong>o</strong>scribed drugs. Do so, or get the fuck out.

Yet another example of political correctness gone too damn far.


