---
layout: post
title: "Pets Get Better Treatment"
slug: pets-get-better-treatment
category: WTF
published:
  epoch: 1100056346
  utc: 2004-11-10T03:12:26
---

While I'm on a roll, here's <a href="http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&amp;cid=558&amp;e=14&amp;u=/ap/scotus_assisted_suicide">another one</a> for the bullshit meter.

<blockquote>

WASHINGTON - The Bush administration asked the Supreme Court on Tuesday to block the nation's only law allowing doctors to help terminally ill patients die more quickly.

Oregon voters approved the law and since 1998 more than 170 people have used it to end their lives. Most had cancer.

The Bush administration has argued that assisted suicide is not a "legitimate medical purpose" and that doctors take an oath to heal patients, not help them die. 

 Oregon's law, known as the Death With Dignity Act, lets patients with less than six months to live request a lethal dose of drugs after two doctors confirm the diagnosis and determine the person's mental competence to make the request.

</blockquote>

First, as Margeaux pointed out not so long ago, why in the hell do we treat dying pets better than dying humans? If a pet is ailing without home of survival or a cure, we put them  to sleep without a second though instead of letting them suffer. Why in the hell we do this for ourselves?

Second, don't shit me GW. This doesn't have dick squat to do with the Hipocratic oath. It has everything to do with religion.

Dear Government, stay the fuck out of my life unless taxes are paying for it. Last I checked, I was paying the insurance that was paying for the Dr. The decision is mine, not yours so fuck off.

Thank you. Drive through.


