---
layout: post
title: "House Of Cards"
slug: house-of-cards
category: Software
created: 1077584395
---

<p>
OK, the first day back to work sucked. I'm so sick of the house of cards method of development. Nothing is ever going to run well if you don't leave it the hell alone and stop changing its functionality every 2 days. Yes, some of that is my fault for settling for the status quo.
</p>
<p>
Repeat after me:
</p>
<ol>


<li>Thou shalt not deploy/change/alter any queries without running a query plan upon them and removing all table scans and adding indexes.</li>

<li>Thou shalt not deploy web pages that do not validate - aka "crap HTML".</li>

<li>Thou shalt not deploy uncommented, hackish, un-Dimmed, retarded-logic ASP code.</li>

<li>Thou shalt not use raw SQL queries in ASP when Stored Procs make more sense.</li>

<li>Thou shalt not use raw querystring name/value pair names when thou should be using declared constants or Application variables.</li>

<li>Thou shalt not use string comparisons in logic statements when constants should be created instead.</li>

<li>Thou shalt not create browser specific code without also coding for its alternative situations.</li>

<li>Thou shalt always use fixed width font, tabs converted to space, and a tab length of 4.</li>

<li>Thou shalt not honor false quantity over quality. Compromise on functionality, not quality.</li>

<li>Thou shalt not waver in thine coding integrity. No person, project or priority is more important than your integrity.</li>



</ol>


