---
layout: post
title: "Ga. Evolution Disclaimer Bullshit"
category: WTF
published:
  epoch: 1099969714
  utc: 2004-11-09T03:08:34
---

<a href="http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&amp;cid=519&amp;e=3&amp;u=/ap/evolution_debate">This book disclaimer</a> is a complete piece of bullshit.

<blockquote>

ATLANTA - A trial opened Monday over whether a warning sticker in suburban Atlanta biology textbooks that says evolution is "a theory, not a fact" violates the separation of church and state by promoting religion.... The sticker reads, "This textbook contains material on evolution. Evolution is a theory, not a fact, regarding the origin of living things. This material should be approached with an open mind, studied carefully and critically considered."

</blockquote>

Why the fuck do tho bible nuts get their own fucking sticker? I'll let them have that sticker, as long as they put this on the bible:

<blockquote>

"This textbook contains material on a super duper invisible man in the sky. God is a theory, not a fact, regarding the origin of living things. This material should be approached with an open mind, studied carefully and critically considered."

</blockquote>

Shit like this really pisses me off. It's just like those jacknuts trying to force schools to teach creationism. Fine. I'll teach creationism in school of you teach evolution in bible school. That will never happen so why should we have to teach creationism? It's called S C I E N C E class for a fucking reason.

Hey, if it's ok for you to push your shit in schools so "children get a well rounded education", then let's be fair and push the other stuff in church. That would never fly, so why is this tolerated?

Hell, if a certain group of Americans can get a Black Cultural Center on campus at my expense I'm sure, then why can't I have a White Cultural Center on campus? What about a Mexican Cultural Center? Why is one more acceptable than the other? Politically correct is fucking out of hand in this country.

Don't get me wrong. Believe what you want, just don't force it on me or others.


