---
layout: post
title: "George Needs To Go"
slug: george-needs-to-go
category: OffTopic
published:
  epoch: 1144858980
  utc: 2006-04-12T16:23:00
---

The man needs to go. Period. The lies keep flowing.

<blockquote><a href="http://news.yahoo.com/s/afp/usiraqweaponstrailer">WASHINGTON (AFP)</a> - The George W. Bush administration insisted publicly that two trailers captured in
Iraq were evidence of a banned weapons program, months after
Pentagon experts had reportedly ruled otherwise.</blockquote>

So, he knew what he told us wasn't true. This is just another instance of the crap we keep getting from this administration. Just like the Plume affair. HE full out said that leaking would not be tolerated, and the person needed to be found... but the person was him. Even if he does have the right to de-classify information on the fly, he know who leaked it, but played it off.

One top of that, more stupidity:

<blockquote><a href="http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/security_congress_dubai_dc">Reuters</a> - A U.S. lawmaker on Tuesday fumed that the Bush administration refused to divulge anything about a security review it is conducting of a Dubai-owned company that is planning to take over several plants in the U.S. that make equipment for defense contractors.</blockquote>

Great, more secrecy. And file this one under "What the hell is the point":

<blockquote><a href="http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20060412/ap_on_go_co/immigration">AP</a> - The two top Republicans in Congress, confronted with internal party divisions as well as large public demonstrations, said Tuesday they intend to pass immigration legislation that does not subject illegal immigrants to prosecution as felons.</blockquote>

Brilliant idea folks. So the good people have to get a Visa to enter the country, but the people who sneak in... well, let's not even make that a crime. Great idea.

I want CLinton back. Sure, he lied about doinking some chick in his office. Who gives a shit. THe economy was good, weren't at wor (even though Congress never declared this a war),  and the goverment was spying on us left and right, pissing away our freedoms.


