---
layout: post
title: "Is Ohio That Stupid?"
slug: is-ohio-that-stupid
category: OffTopic
tags:
  - laws
  - ohio
created: 1157380376
---

I like Ohio. I really do. No volcanoes, no hurricanes. Not to many poisoness animals. But when I see things <a href="http://www.toledoblade.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20060829/NEWS24/608290360/-1/NEWS">like this</a>, I begin to wonder what idiots are running this place:

<blockquote><p>
COLUMBUS - An Ohio legislative panel yesterday rubber-stamped an unprecedented process that would allow sex offenders to be publicly identified and tracked <strong>even if they've never been charged with a crime</strong>.</p>
<p>The person's name, address, and photograph would be placed on a new Internet database and <strong>the person would be subjected to the same registration and community notification requirements and restrictions on where he could live</strong>.</p>
</blockquote>

What The Fuck. Not convicted? Restrictions on where they can live? What the hell is wrong with these people?

I hate shit like this. This is one of those topics that flips my rant bit quite harshly. I'm fine with putting Child Sexual Predators on a list. Fine. Parents want to know where they live. Fine. People want to keep them away from schools. Fine.

But for the love of all that is reasonable, every fucking state in the nation needs to properly define what a Sexual Offender is, and there not always child molestors. Everyone sees a name on a Sexual Offender list and assumes every person on it is a child molster.

Take, for example, that case of the guy who stalked and <a href="http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20060416/maine_shootings_060416/20060417?hub=CTVNewsAt11">murdered two people in Maine</a> last year that were on a list. One WAS a child predator. The other  banged his under age girlfriend [asuming he was close to her age] and the parents caused a ruckass. That guy had no business being on that list. Hell, in some states, getting busted for public urination w/ your johnson hanging get's you on the Sexual Offenders list.

This bill and my retarded state just goes to prove my point. You're 30, poked your 16yo gf when you were 18. You got busted showing your dick in public while taking a piss on a drunk night. You don't deserve to be on this list, and harrased like a criminal because some asshat can't make understand the difference between sexual offenders, sexual predators, and sexual child predators..let alone the fact that you are not a convicted criminal, so you can't be treated like one.

Rant mode off.


