---
layout: post
title: "Tinkering With SVK"
category: OffTopic
tags:
  - source control
  - subversion
  - svk
published:
  epoch: 1174803069
  utc: 2007-03-25T06:11:09
---

Just out of curiosity, I installed <a href="http://svk.bestpractical.com/view/HomePage">SVK</a> on my laptop and started tinkering with it. For those not aware of it:

<blockquote><p>svk is a decentralized version control system built with the robust Subversion filesystem. It supports repository mirroring, disconnected operation, history-sensitive merging, and integrates with other version control systems, as well as popular visual merge tools.</p></blockquote>

Like most tinkering sessions of mine, I always end up stumped because I find some bug on the edge. In this case, it appears to be a date/time formatting issue on Win32 when changes are commit and pushed upstream.

Here's a sample message from a recent commit to local, pushed up to the mirror/master:

<blockquote><code>r118@np5660:  claco | 2007-03-25  Eastern Daylight Time</code></blockquote>

If it weren't for the missing time, it wouldn't be so bad. I would expect something more like this format, which is what I see on commits made by 1/x and non Win32 svk users:

<blockquote><code>r118@np5660:  claco | 2007-02-16 16:29:26 -0500</code></blockquote>

Curious. Then I finally thought to just try using the <kbd>log</kbd> command and compare both svn and svk:

<blockquote><pre>C:\Development\CPAN\Mango>svn log
http://svn.handelframework.com/CPAN/Mango/trunk/lib/Mango/Provider/Products.pm
------------------------------------------------------------------------
r1784 | claco | 2007-03-25 01:37:32 -0400 (Sun, 25 Mar 2007) | 3 lines

r118@np5660: claco | 2007-03-25 Eastern Daylight Time
Added tags() to products provider</pre></blockquote>

<blockquote><pre>C:\Development\CPAN\Mango>svk log
http://svn.handelframework.com/CPAN/Mango/trunk/lib/Mango/Provider/Products.pm
----------------------------------------------------------------------
r119 (orig r1784): claco | 2007-03-25 Eastern Daylight Time

r118@np5660: claco | 2007-03-25 Eastern Daylight Time
Added tags() to products provider</pre></blockquote>

There's also this message in the Changes file for SVK:

<blockquote><pre>Use POSIX::strftime for date formatting rather than Date::Parse</pre></blockquote>

Yup. Something is definately afoot. Time to file an RT bug report and move on. Sigh.


